---
inFeed: true
description: BABs was founded by Bryon & Ashley Blackwell in 2015.
dateModified: '2016-12-27T17:40:45.289Z'
datePublished: '2016-12-27T17:40:46.353Z'
title: About Us
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
hasPage: true
sourcePath: _posts/2016-12-27-about-us.md
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2016-12-27T17:31:14.634Z'
url: about-us/index.html
_type: Article

---
# About Us

---

BABs was founded by Bryon & Ashley Blackwell in 2015\.

Ashley has her bachelors degree in interior design. She has worked with individuals, couples, families and businesses in creating the look they want. While helping people with their design services, she fell into a new role as a counselor for couples who struggle in agreeing what they want their house to look like. She has been able to successfully combine both parties desires into their living spaces and people have loved it.

Ashley has been making custom jewelry since she was a teenager and has created a style that is unique to her own. She has people from all over the world wearing her design pieces. If there is something you like, contact her and she will let you know if she can make it.

Ashley has also trained under Chef Brent from Australia and has worked in the catering business for a few years now. She uses a variety of cooking styles and uses the highest ingredients and spices to make her food. She is also a distributor of Wilson Spices as she has found their products to be superior.

Bryon has his bachelors from BYU with his major in finance and entrepreneurism. He has worked in the financial industry as an accountant and financial representative for various products. He enjoys helping clients with their finances and has a keen desire to show clients what the actual cost of doing business is so they can make better decisions.

He also had a doctorate degree from Palmer Chiropractic College. He has been licensed in several states and currently resides in Oregon. Bryon has obtained over 500 hours in post graduate work on clinical nutrition and works with people all around the world with helping them obtain better health. He is a firm believer in the KISS principle (keep it simple stupid) and this has proven to be key in getting people better and saving them money.

Bryon has worked with people across the country in discovering what their strengths are and helped them create a plan for accomplishing it as he himself did this for himself and knows that no matter the odds, your dreams and aspirations can be achieved. Bryon is a powerful speaker and loves speaking to audiences.